## 03/27/2019 - General Meeting

Today, we presented our third subteam presentation. It is visible in journals/presentations. This presentation was a brief one, as we didn't have a lot of progress between the second and third presentations. It has been a slog of getting the particular data we need from the sources (which we can access) into the end resultant form that we are looking for. We presented a number of issues that had been affecting us (data categories lacking data, sparse data, need to connect data sources together).

During this presentation block, we also heard from the integration team. They have been making excellent progress over the course of the semester and we, after discussion, have decided to begin to use their name-matching tools for the following semester. This will allow us to bring in Canvas data and expand our X-tuples for OMSA and GT students.