## 04/15/2019 - Subteam Meeting

During our last subteam meeting of the semester, we discussed an action plan for completing analysis before the final presentation. During the meeting, we would complete our work joining the events_dataframe and dataframe views in the database, which would present us with a query we could download as a .csv and run models on.

From here, our plan was to split up analysis duties. Several members were to prepare statistical/machine learning models based on the X and y data from the .csv in order to see what kind of accuracy can be achieved and visualize the performance of these models. Other members would look into the data itself and prepare visualizations/analysis of what this data looks like in order to contribute to the presentation.

This semester, we would not have a chance to properly apply Bayesian Hierarchical Modeling to compare models. Instead, we will be comparing models by Receiver Operating Characteristic - Area Under Curve. We will use this to determine maximal performance across hyperparameter combinations for each given class of models, and present these hyperparameters along with their performance levels.

We will be running SVM, Logistic Regression, Gradient Boosting, ADABoost, and Random Forests on this data. The data is 2043 tuples, combining a variable number of weeks per user with around 230 users.

We have decided to use an output attribute which is a binary mapping of a final percentage grade to one of 2 classes: Above or Equal to Median = 0.81, or below Median = 0.81

We set out informal times to meet and complete work outside of the meeting.