## 02/18/2019 - Subteam Meeting

Today, we primarily spent the meeting diving into the particulars of the SQL data.

We discovered that the largest portion of the data we want to access requires us to be able to grasp a student's response to various assignments, so it is very important for us to be able to understand what these assignments are. We dove into deeper investigation of the data and documents, and concluded that although we are able to join several different tables of data about individual submissions, we are missing the link out of the submission data back to assignments.

There is a hashed "item_id" which appears in the parent-level submission table- submission_studentitem. We speculate that this might be useful for pairing the submissions with assignments, although it only appears elsewhere in grading workflow tables. Grouping by item_id shows that there are 30 distinct item_id values, some with over 100 entries, some with <10.

One challenge is that as indicated by the design documents: https://edx.readthedocs.io/projects/devdata/en/latest/internal_data_formats/ora2_data.html , we should be able to find assignments grouped under the Open Assessment architecture (we are sure that the submissions are Open Assessments because the item_type of each submission is 'openassessment'). However, the kind of tables which should be populated for Open Assessments (such as assessment_rubric, or assessment_assessment) are simply not populated for this particular semester of ISyE 6501.

We have decided to look into this further by communicating with C21U.