#02/06/2019 - General Meeting

1. Subteam Presentation 1 - We presented our semester goals, our work completed so far, and our future tasks. Slidedeck should be available in presentations directory.
	* Focused on presenting long-term mission, including three phases (data, models, evaluation)
	* Also presented progress to date and next steps
2. Received feedback after presentation on direction of project:
	* We should make sure not to reinvent the wheel. Using resources and articles available to us and making progress on top of those frameworks is better than trying to start from ground zero.
	* Making sure to distinguish exactly what is unique/different about our work could transform this into a paper.
3. Discussion after presentation:
	* Connecting Canvas to EdX will require the name-matching system currently being worked on by the **integration** team.
	* These tools will not be present for weeks or months.
	* However, they are only required if we decide to analyze a particular subset of the students: OMSA students, who use EdX for instruction but have grades stored in Canvas.
	* We decided to table work on Canvas and instead focus on two sets of students with all data in EdX: Audit students and Verified Students
	* Verified students pay a fee for the course to receive a certificate. They have a grade-related motivation to succeed in the class. We will **focus primarily** on this group and attempt to predict the final course grade/success of these students.
	* Audit students don't pay for the course and instead take it without any grade or record. They must be self-motivated to learn. We will **give secondary focus** to the students, and we expect that a good question for them would be predicting how long they stay in the course/what would predict them becoming a verified student.
