## 02/06/2019 - Subteam Meeting

During today's work session, we first completed a few tasks recommended by Shawn.

1. We looked into the new project management scheme set up in Github Projects, which lists issues related to our progress this semester as cards that can be moved from "To Do" to "In Progress" to "Done". We decided to copy these issues to a Trello board, in order to enable features like assigning members to issues to better track individual work.
2. We ensured that everyone was connected with the credentials needed to the databases required for his or her work.
3. We examined the new changes to the Docker building process. Now, building happens locally, with the sbin/ddesetup.sh script, which uses docker build instead of docker pull, in order to prevent the risk of uploading code to a public dockerhub. sbin/ddestart.sh then launches the container.
4. We resolved to explore the "Relevant External Code" section individually over the coming week to see some example model-fitting and Bayesian Hierarchical Modeling code provided by Shawn

We welcomed Divye to the team today. Divye was assigned to the clickstream subteam, in order to provide aid with the particularly challenging issue of parsing and making use of clickstream data.

We, as a group, made a collective, final decision on the proposal to refine our scope to specifically those students who are verified or MicroMasters students, not OMSA or audit students.

Following this, we split up into subteams to setup data access environments, work on individual data collection and establish goals/tasks for individual members over the course of the coming week.