## General Work Completed
- Wrap up work on final presentation
- Reminders for the remainder of the system
- Provided specific feedback for final presentation: Model training team needs to include a summary of best model and its performance
- Model training team finalized the plots and captions to be used for the final presentation.
- App team refactored code, it looks much cleaner now and the organization is better!
- Reviewed timing for final presentation.

## Additional Contributions
- Discovered specific dependency issue that resulted in difficulties getting the app to run for certain members of team. Regarding scikit-learn, joblib library is deprecated past scikit-learn ver 0.20.1. Joblib is now a separate module, and it should be used as "import joblib" rather than "from sklearn.externals import joblib".
- Provided page descriptions of app functionality for Attush to finalize the app home page. Also wrote an introduction summary and sent to Attush.
- Delegated tasks for the web app demo
- Created slides for final presentation, including organizing/editing the intro slide with team member's photos.

## Next Steps
- Have a great final presentation!
- Update the documentation for getting started 
- Work on journals!

## Final Contributions (after this meeting date, but didn't think necessary to make a new document)
- Fixed the aforementioned dependency issue and contributed to documentation
- Updated the README for the JITI_Flask_App page so that onboarding web developers will be easier
- Provided announcement post 