# March 10, 2021: Subteam Meeting
## General Meeting Notes 
Today we met to discuss our progress in a group call, and Attush provided updates regarding the bootstrap css for the application on behalf of the UI/UX team. We also received updates from Cindy and Lindsey on behalf of the ML team.
I updated the team on my work of organizing the notes we received from Sonam and we distributed the work for the upcoming subteam presentation on March 31st. 
## To Do
- Update slides for subteam presentation
- Continue working on improving current application with wireframe feedback
