# 10/18/2019

## Monday 10/14/2019
- Work session in Clough to compensate for lack of Friday meeting.
- Work with MongoDB team (Hosuk/Matt) to develop understanding of events present in MongoDB document store. Going off of Edx Data Dictionary, with some hands-on searching for distinct types.
- Work with Hosuk to configure MongoDB authentication, as well as construct a basic query to get all distinct ```event_type```s present in the MongoDB document store.
- Helped clarify with SQL team what their team objectives are -- using Gardner & Brooks paper in order to get inspiration for features, comb through databases to determine ways to augment and enhance old queries.

## Wednesday 10/16/2019
- Work session in general VIP meeting
- Working with team to construct more queries, acting primarily as resource for both teams (interrupt-driven assistance with whoever needed help).

## Friday 10/18/2019
- Discovered today that dataframe created last semester exists within SQL database for C21U (aggregated weekly as a server event).
  - MongoDB team needs to pivot to write queries for SQL in order to maximize the use of this existing table, rather than constructing new MongoDB queries.
  - Work on basic introduction of SQL syntax to MongoDB team
- Establish our _target_ data representation: a table with the following itemized columns:
  - user_id
  - week
  - course_id
  - event 1 count
  - event 2 count
  - ...
- Explain basics of formulated supervised learning tasks
  - Data split into test/train
  - Input/output arrays & learning
  - Prediction & assessment
  
## To-Do:
- Ensure that MongoDB team feels supported as they change focus to a different task & different set of tools/technologies
- Investigate new Piazza data from NLP team
