# 2019/09/13

At the Wednesday general meeting, we continued the Docker installation. We found out that we needed to use an updated and hosted docker image on dockerhub, by using the sbin/ddepull.sh script. No worries, it all worked out.

Friday meeting was used as an opportunity to prepare for the first VIP subteam presentations, as well as introduce the team to PostgreSQL.
- PostgreSQL
  - We installed PGAdmin4, then demonstrated basic queries, walking through some of the useful tables and talking about the main elements of each query.
  - We ensured that everyone could access this data (very crucial for the project).
- VIP Presentation 1
  - We needed to get a lot of our "floating" thoughts concretized for the presentation. Below are listed some notes I made about our thought process. Assigned individual tasks to each team member to write up and prepare to present.

## Brainstorm for presentation 1
- High-level discussion and motivation
  - Students getting individual, tailored attention from professor based on predicted success
  - Thinking about patterns of accessing/reaching students depending on predictions
    - Is student in charge of prediction or professor
  - Use feature importance to determine why a student may or may not be likely to succeed
- Low-level
  - Two arrangements of data
    - One is all data mixed together, from which train/test data selected
    - Other is using all past data to train, most recent semester as test
  - Data sources
    - Clickstream
    - Assignment
  - Modeling
    - Prediction of drop-out week (or no drop-out) - several possibilities.
      - Survival analysis
      - Will the student drop out next week?
      - Probability of drop out in next week.
    - Prediction of final success/grade if student does not drop out.
  - Problem Granularity
    - Weekly analysis is the "unit of time"
    - Use past data up through this week
      - Lag: might interfere with the ability to get a prediction early in the class.

# TO-DO:
1. Prepare my portion of presentation (Intro & Wrap-up)
2. Prepare to answer any questions about the project on Wednesday
3. Supervise construction of presentation slide deck
4. Read article about predicting student drop-out: https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2611750
