# 08/30/2019

This week, we were assigned the subteams and given a chance to schedule our first meetings. This first meeting was schedule for August 30, 2019 (Friday) from 2-4 PM.
We spent a good amount of time simply presenting once again the concepts behind the subteam and the project we were attempting to "import" from the spring (what we got done, what we didn't, what comes next).
- We talked about the data sources used, the models applied, and various decisions made to limit the dataset.
- Limiting the dataset seemed to be a point of contention. In the future we shouldn't do this to the degree we did in the Spring. It would be better to prioritize gaining more data and therefore hopefully unlocking deeper insight.
- I presented the concepts of Machine Learning and Databases (the 5-minute versions)
  - Databases as big folders of spreadsheets which store similar data in each row (SQL) or unstructured stacks of paper that might have any material on them but tend to have similar material (unstructured DB entries, JSON blobs, MongoDB).
  - Machine Learning as function approximation. Specifically in the question of supervised learning: selecting from our spreadsheet one or a handful of output columns, plotting them across inputs, and then drawing a line through the data (regression).
  
Listing here the notes I took during the meeting:

## Short Term Goals
- Focus on better data engineering
  * Split up data based on student type, provide distinct models for each type of student (verified, unverified, OMSA, etc.)
  * More data
    - Fall 2017, Spring 2018, Fall 2018, Spring 2019
    - Use Fall 2018 to predict success for Spring 2019, evaluate effectiveness
    - Feature analysis, identifying helpful analysis
- Focus on what we're predicting
  * dropout prediction - predict when a student will be dropping out, based on survival analysis
    - HMM (Hidden Markov Model)
  * for students who made it, average grade

## Long Term Goals
- create LTI tool for professors/students to access Just-in-Time Integration insights
- ISYE 6501 TA Tools
  * Tool that automatically assigns median of 3 peer-reviewed grades in Canvas (Backburner)
  * Tool which flags the frequently disputed or active Piazza questions
  * Ping TA feature (potentially addressed by private posts)
  
## Work for next week
- Read [Gardner and Brooks, 2018](https://learning-analytics.info/journals/index.php/JLA/article/view/5814) and other articles from Learning Analytics journals.
- Researching PostgreSQL and MongoDB
  * select, aggregate, query, filter, join
- IRB Certification
- Tools: PostgreSQL, Docker

# TO-DO:
1. Get team members to complete IRB, gain credentials
2. Get everyone on Docker
3. Develop research question
