# 10/04/2019

Did some work before general meeting to prepare some tools that folks on SQL and MongoDB teams can make use of.

Prepared MongoDB connect pattern, example ```weeks.py``` script that MongoDB team could make use of, in order to develop familiarity with PyMongo. Not intended to be exhaustive, just a start.

Missed the weekly work session as I was heading out of town to Orlando.

## MongoDB Stuff
 - First make sure to grab the mongo_tools.zip from the email (not hosted here).
 - get connect.py, creds.py, and .aws from this .zip and add them to the mongo_tools directory in this repo.
 - Launch docker from vip-research root directory with
 ```sbin/ddestart.sh```
 - cd into mongo_tools, and run the following command to start the mongodb server
 ```./ec2_start.sh```
 - now run ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` to install python requirements
 - now run ```weeks.py``` to run the python wrapper. It will perform a mongoDB query, convert the result into a dataframe, and print this dataframe.
 - Create and run your own files following the format in ```weeks.py```. Notice that the query is defined in a pipeline as well as the particular operation performed on this pipeline (in this case, an aggregate). Documentation for PyMongo syntax is here: https://api.mongodb.com/python/current/
 - For the near future, focus on aggregating helpful forum events
 - We can switch between different creds needed by calling get_db() in connect.py with different arguments
   - ```get_db('clickstream')``` for clickstream
   - ```get_db('forum')``` for forum

## To-Do:
* Support MongoDB team as they make first use of ```weeks.py``` script, help them troubleshoot any errors which may arise.
* Ensure that SQL team has similar support, although I am currently primarily focused on MongoDB work.
