# 09/20/2019

This week, we presented our first sub-team presentation. Things went well, although we ran a bit over time.
- Folks had questions about using demographic data to aid prediction. We explored the idea somewhat, although GTPE members mentioned that this data may be hard to obtain. I brought up that ethically I wouldn't feel comfortable using this data to predict future success in any class.
- Other teams presented as well.
  - NLP team seems to be centering on Semantic and Sentiment analysis
    - Sentiment analysis to determine the general feelings of students in any class over time.
    - Semantic analysis to determine the topics or content students are discussing, potentially flag content or provide automated responses.
  - Instructional Design team seems to be centering on identifying poor questions
    - Using Item Response Theory to analyze whether answer choices reflect on learning
    - Weeding out bad/biased questions.

Friday saw us focusing primarily on diving into individual sub-sub-teams and contiuing work.
-  Hosuk, Matt, and myself are currently on the MongoDB team.
   - Focused on obtaining attributes from MongoDB database, matching up with new Survival Analysis paper.
   - A number of these attributes were somewhat explored in Spring. Modifications: now cumulative exploration.
   - Spent a good amount of time demoing MongoDB syntax
     - How it's like SQL.
     - How it's different.
     - How to explore the data dictionary in order to determine what to query for (a very important skill).
-  All other members are currently on the SQL team.
   - Focused on expanding upon attributes used in Spring and in Gardner & Brooks paper.

# TO-DO:
1. Get credentials back for MongoDB, expand old queries and implement new queries in order to select necessary data.
2. Begin naive data transformation.
3. Explore Python-based pipeline for database access, transformation (pandas?) and finally, prediction--all in Docker.
