## 03/18/2019

This week, I constructed a more complex Mongo query, which specifically attempts to restrict the scope of event collection to only "edx.forum.thread.viewed" events, and exclusively from the first week of the course - that is the week of August 20, 2018, which is the 34th week of that year and thus in the $week aggregator, will evaluate to 34.

I've added the code that I wrote below (although it is also present in mongodb/forum_views_first_week.js)

```
cursor = isye = db.ISYE6501.aggregate([
	{ $match: 
		{"name": "edx.forum.thread.viewed", 
			$expr: {$eq: 
				[{$week: 
	    			{$dateFromString: 
	    				{dateString: 
	    					{ $substr: [ "$time", 0, 10 ] }
	    				}
	    			}
	    		},
	    		34
	    		]
			} 
    	},
    },
    { $group: { _id: "$context.user_id", total: {$sum: 1}}},
    { $sort: {total: -1 } }
])
while(cursor.hasNext()){
    printjson(cursor.next());
}
```

For those who come afterward and are looking through this, fear not. This isn't as daunting as it looks.

We can break it down slightly. The first statement assigns cursor to an aggregate of data from the ISYE6501 database. This data must satisfy certain properties. First, its name must match "edx.forum.thread.viewed., The expression which is evaluated by finding the time of submission, converting it to a date object, and converting that date to the week it falls into, must match the value 34.

We will select a number of events that satisfy the above criteria. We will then use a group clause to count the number of times that each value of context.user_id appears in the selected data.

Finally, we sort by total in order to sort the output by number of events per user.

The second statement simply iterates through the cursor and prints each element. Piping this into a file with mongo.sh will save this output.

## TODO:

1. Determine how to create a query which acts across a range of weeks
2. Determine how to create a query which acts across a range of event types
3. Figure out how to convert the data returned by the above queries into some kind of usable dataframe