# 08/23/2019

This was the first week back. In this presentation, we were introduced at a high level to the mission of C21U (Center for 21st Century Universities) as well as shown a handful of concepts from which we might choose the subteams for the semester.
Three particular teams stuck out
- Just in Time Integration (the evolution of the Research subteam from the Spring). The focus this semester seems to be exploring exactly what insights we can provide professors about the students currently in their classes, in order to create a proactive intervention system.
  - It seems like there may also be a focus on pitching this as a product with a fleshed-out app at the end of the semester. Exciting!
- NLP Team (Natural Language Processing). This team will explore the forum data that we had mentioned using in the Spring but left out of our initial scope because of the challenge of incorporating it (as well as the challenge of the data being somewhat hard to find, because a lot of it is in private Slack workspaces).
  - Perhaps when this team is done we can add their work into ours in order to unlock NLP-based insights for the prediction of student success. We'll see.
- Course Quality Team - analyzing questions and course materials and evaluating whether the course design we have set out in these online courses is accurately measuring student effort and success
  - Also measuring whether questions may be biased or unhelpful. Perhaps this, too, could factor into prediction - could we layer the goodness of questions on top of the student's performance when weighting the model? e.g. if a student did badly on a biased assignment, they're less likely to be predicted to fail than if they had done poorly on a fair assignment. Food for thought.

# TO-DO:
1. Confirm that my IRB certification still works
2. Get back into the Docker container and confirm that tools are still functional.
3. Indicate preference to be added back into JITI team.
