# 11/01/2019

## Wednesday, 10/30/2019

- Delivered third presentation
  - Somewhat slimmer than previous presentations
  - Due to my absences, some shifting around of team's objectives, and steep learning curve of database accesses, we don't have much concrete to show.
  - The most important work that has been done over the past few weeks is the learning of new technologies by team members. Made sure to highlight this "intangible" progress in the presentation.
- Given access to sq/jiti_tables/event_dataframe.sql, which pivots the student_event_counts.sql table for a couple of event types. MongoDB->SQL team is responsible for expanding this query to support more event types.
- SQL team needs to focus on constructing running averages in PostgreS (https://popsql.com/learn-sql/postgresql/how-to-calculate-cumulative-sum-running-total-in-postgresql/)
  - This will help us construct the aggregation step which will bake all of a user's progress in the course so far into a single tuple, in order to improve predictions.

## Friday, 11/1/2019

- Worked with SQL team to investigate joining on foreign IDs in a sandbox environment
  - SQL server access was unavailable during meeting due to invalidated credentials, so we used SQL Fiddle as a shared toy environment
  - http://sqlfiddle.com/#!9/b75bfc
- Gave Matt the task of investigating SQLAlchemy as an option for wrapping our SQL queries and manipulating the results in Python.
  - We will need to construct an all-inclusive script which will wrap all of our queries into one, join any results in RAM, and then train models on the resulting data.
  
## To-Do:

- Investigate aggregation step in Python (Pandas) if it doesn't work out in SQL
- Look into the EdX Forum Data (write new MongoDB aggregation)
