# 11/15/2019

## Wednesday, 11/13/2019

- Put in work related to uniting main SQL queries constructed by the two sub-sub-teams.
  - Challenges: one of these queries uses ```student_id``` - a hashed 32-character ID. The other uses ```user_id``` - a much shorter integer-only ID. We think we need access to a table which will unify these two, and bridge the gap between these tables in our final join.
  - Investigating ```edx.user_id_map``` as a potential common factor. It has ```hash_id``` and ```username``` columns--potentially ```hash_id``` matches up with ```student_id```, and ```user_id``` is just username?
  - Successfully wrapped a query in SQLAlchemy wrapper and guaranteed it could be run within Python.
  - Itemized forum.py to collect Comment and CommentThread events for each week/student/course, but currently this dataframe has a separate line for each one, with a null in the count for the other. Need to merge these two lines together for each course/student/week

## Friday, 11/15/2019

- Learned how to map ```course_id``` to ```user_id``` by using https://edx.readthedocs.io/projects/devdata/en/latest/internal_data_formats/sql_schema.html#student-anonymoususerid
- Collaborated closely with SQL team to bugfix and troubleshoot final query, obtaining course grades on assignments by joining student items, submissions, and scores together in a single query.
- Task SQL team with obtaining a week differential from events with a TRUNC element in the final query.
- Realized that the MongoDB aggregation is doing a week calculation based on the beginning of the _current year_, not current semester. I will need to resolve this over the weekend.

## To-Do:

- Fix weekstamps for MongoDB query
- Join all tables into final dataframe, ensure that matching on all conditions is possible
- Perform aggregation step
- Perform split between Spring 2019 Semester / Other semesters
- Train ML models
- Prepare final presentation
