# 11/08/2019

- Established a timeline for finishing up semester:
  - 11/13/2019 - target deadline for completing individual queries / portions of final dataframe. On this day we will need to construct a joined dataframe in Pandas, using the SQLAlchemy wrapper Matt has been working on as well as all of this semester's queries.
  - 11/15/2019 - spend time training models on the collected data & making predictions/evaluating accuracy & success. Begin presentation
  - Weekend of 11/16 - 11/17 - complete models & presentation
  - 11/20/2019 - Final Presentation
- Wrote a query to access the EdX MongoDB collection & obtain event counts itemized by week, author, and course_id.
  - Currently, it does not support event counts itemized by _event_, this is a task for the future. 
  - Also, this served as a proof-of-concept to help me convince myself that converting the output of a MongoDB query to Pandas is doable.
  - ```/mongo_tools/forum.py```
- Got new documentation from Shawn related to EdX grades: https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AC/pages/159459406/Grades+Background
- Taught some git basics, to help folks deal with git issues in the following few weeks
- We ensured that wrapping one of our real SQL queries from PostgreSQL team in SQLAlchemy wrapper would work. It did!

## To-DO:

- Stay very in tune with both SQL and MongoDB teams. Be present whenever they need me.
- Modify MongoDB query to separate out event counts for forum posts & comments on forum posts.
- Ensure that models are up-to-date and ready for use next week.
